Add multisite chapter to the Laravel Valet page (#134)
infinum/wordpress-handbook: Development environment/Laravel Valet setup.md

And this is it. Once you do this, you should be able to go to `http://wp-valet.test` and see the classic WordPress installation screen.

## Setting up the multisite

Multisite is a WordPress feature that allows you to have multiple sites managed from a single WordPress installation. Sites in WordPress multisite/network can have shared themes, plugins and users. It is an ideal solution when there is a need for multiple sites with similar design and functionality. More details on WordPress multisite feature can be found [here](https://wordpress.org/support/article/create-a-network/).

To set up a multisite on Laravel Valet you'll start with a WordPress download, create a database and initialize the `wp-config.php`. Don't install WordPress yet, or use `valet park` command, as we will need to map multiple URLs to a single directory (depending on the type of Multisite).

### Multisite with sub-domains

This type of multisite allows you to access sites with a sub-domain. The URLs will look like this:

```bash
dev.multisite-sub.test               # Main site
site-1.dev.multisite-sub.test
site-2.dev.multisite-sub.test
```

> This type of multisite is more common and ususally requested by the clients. It is also a bit more complicated to set up. To achive this some changes to the server configuration are required bofore the multisite can be installed and primarily you need to point multiple domains/subdomains to the same directory. Luckly, Valet is already prepared for that and has all the configurations for this type of multisite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of multisite is more common and usually requested by the clients. It is also a bit more complicated to set up. To achieve this some changes to the server configuration are required before the multisite can be installed and primarily you need to point multiple domains/subdomains to the same directory. Luckily, Valet is already prepared for that and has all the configurations for this type of multisite.
```

> This type of multisite is more common and usually requested by the clients. It is also a bit more complicated to set up. To achieve this some changes to the server configuration are required before the multisite can be installed and primarily you need to point multiple domains/subdomains to the same directory. Luckily, Valet is already prepared for that and has all the configurations for this type of multisite.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This type of multisite is more common and usually requested by the clients. It is also a bit more complicated to set up. To achieve this some changes to the server configuration are required before the multisite can be installed. You need to point many domains/subdomains to the same directory. Luckily, Valet is already prepared for that and has all the configurations for this type of multisite.
```

> Taking the above URLs as an example we can start installing the multisite. First create a main domain for the site by navigating to the directory and running: `valet link dev.multisite-sub`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Taking the above URLs as an example we can start installing the multisite. First, create a main domain for the site by navigating to the directory and running: `valet link dev.multisite-sub`.
```

> After that add additional domains with: `valet link site-1.dev.multisite-sub`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After that, add additional domains with: `valet link site-1.dev.multisite-sub`.
```

4/9 --title=<site-title>: Your site title
5/9 --admin_user=<username>: username        # This is the username of the Super Admin that will be created
6/9 [--admin_password=<password>]: password
7/9 --admin_email=<email>: admin@mail.com
8/9 [--skip-email] (Y/n): Y
9/9 [--skip-config] (Y/n): n                 # This will add additional constants to the wp-config.php
```

This will install the main site of your multisite. More info on this WP CLI command can be found [here](https://developer.wordpress.org/cli/commands/core/multisite-install/)

To add additional sites run: `wp site create --prompt` and fill all the necessary data. More info on this WP CLI command can be found [here](https://developer.wordpress.org/cli/commands/site/create/)

```bash
1/6 --slug=<slug>: site-1              # This needs to match the sub-domain that you registered with Valet
2/6 [--title=<title>]: Site Title
3/6 [--email=<email>]: admin@mail.com  # This will add existing or create a new Administrator user for this site
4/6 [--network_id=<network-id>]: 1     # Network to associate new site with
5/6 [--private] (Y/n): n
6/6 [--porcelain] (Y/n):
```

### Multisite with sub-directories

> This type of multisite allows you to access sites with a sub-directories. The URLs will look like this:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This type of multisite allows you to access sites with sub-directories. The URLs will look like this:
```

```bash
dev.multisite-sub.test               # Main site
dev.multisite-sub.test/site-1
dev.multisite-sub.test/site-2
```

Laravel Valet does not come with configuration for this setup out of the box. For this you will need to use a custom driver.

> Guide for the installation of the custom drivers can be found [here](https://laravel.com/docs/5.6/valet#custom-valet-drivers).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Guide for the installation of the custom drivers can be found [here](https://laravel.com/docs/8.x/valet#custom-valet-drivers).
```
